
Unless otherwise indicated, all files in this repository are XMPP 
Extension Protocols (XEPs) published by the XMPP Standards Foundation 
in accordance with the XSF's Intellectual Property Rights Policy. The 
following copyrights, permissions, warranty, liability statement, and 
conformance statement apply to all XEPs.

####

This XMPP Extension Protocol is copyright (c) 1999 - 2010 by the XMPP 
Standards Foundation (XSF).

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining 
a copy of this specification (the "Specification"), to make use of the 
Specification without restriction, including without limitation the 
rights to implement the Specification in a software program, deploy the 
Specification in a network service, and copy, modify, merge, publish, 
translate, distribute, sublicense, or sell copies of the Specification, 
and to permit persons to whom the Specification is furnished to do so, 
subject to the condition that the foregoing copyright notice and this 
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions 
of the Specification. Unless separate permission is granted, modified 
works that are redistributed shall not contain misleading information 
regarding the authors, title, number, or publisher of the Specification, 
and shall not claim endorsement of the modified works by the authors, any 
organization or project to which the authors belong, or the XMPP Standards 
Foundation.

## NOTE WELL: This Specification is provided on an "AS IS" BASIS, 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, express or implied, 
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, 
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
In no event shall the XMPP Standards Foundation or the authors of this 
Specification be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability, 
whether in an action of contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from, out 
of, or in connection with the Specification or the implementation, 
deployment, or other use of the Specification. ##

In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including 
negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law 
(such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, 
shall the XMPP Standards Foundation or any author of this Specification 
be liable for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, 
incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising out of the 
use or inability to use the Specification (including but not limited to 
damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or 
malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if 
the XMPP Standards Foundation or such author has been advised of the 
possibility of such damages.

This XMPP Extension Protocol has been contributed in full conformance 
with the XSF's Intellectual Property Rights Policy (a copy of which may 
be found at http://www.xmpp.org/extensions/ipr-policy.shtml or obtained 
by writing to XSF, P.O. Box 1641, Denver, CO 80201 USA).

